Update instructions for Azure Key Vault Integration (#869)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

This tells Airflow to look for variable information at the `airflow/variables/*` path in Azure Key Vault and connection information at the `airflow/connections/*` path. In the next step, you'll run an example DAG to test this configuration locally.

> :::tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> By default, this setup requires that you prefix any secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. When using the Azure Key Store secrets backend, `"connections_prefix"` and `"connections_prefix"` may not be left blank (`""`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this setup prefixes secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. You can change the names of these prefixes, but `"connections_prefix"` and `"variables_prefix"` must have defined values in your configuration.
```
